Heavenly King Order
You are in the armed forces
Second only to the supreme king
It seems that your eyes are not blind yet.
I am the Qingyuan Heavenly King
legend
I was shocked to hear that the Heavenly King is the personal guard of the Supreme
Inseparable
If you are the king of surprise
then he
Hahahahaha, do you think I'm a fool?
Ah, this broken down person still wants to pretend to be Wushuang Supreme
Okay, you are unparalleled
How dare you pretend to be Supreme Wushuang?
Lu Wushuang, Lu Wushuang
It seems that you really don't know
According to you and Wang Hu
That's the Unparalleled Supreme Parent-Child Reward.
You dare to impersonate Peerless Supreme
That's what deserves death
Get me the man who took down this dog
So stubborn
I think it's you who deserves to die
Please take care of my dad
I say we can't beat them
Dad, don't worry.
I have dealt with countless enemies outside
How bad are they scum?